com/gaolei/mvvm/net/RestService.java
 com.gaolei.mvvm.net.RestService
com/gaolei/mvvm/BuildConfig.java
 com.gaolei.mvvm.BuildConfig
com/gaolei/mvvm/adapter/ProjectAdapter.java
 com.gaolei.mvvm.adapter.ProjectAdapter
 com.gaolei.mvvm.adapter.ProjectAdapter$MyViewHolder
 com.gaolei.mvvm.adapter.ProjectAdapter$OnItemClickListener
com/gaolei/mvvm/databinding/FragmentKnowledgeBinding.java
 com.gaolei.mvvm.databinding.FragmentKnowledgeBinding
com/gaolei/mvvm/activity/BaseActivity.java
 com.gaolei.mvvm.activity.BaseActivity
com/gaolei/mvvm/databinding/LayoutHeaderBinding.java
 com.gaolei.mvvm.databinding.LayoutHeaderBinding
com/gaolei/mvvm/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.gaolei.mvvm.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/gaolei/mvvm/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.gaolei.mvvm.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/gaolei/mvvm/model/BannerListData.java
 com.gaolei.mvvm.model.BannerListData
 com.gaolei.mvvm.model.BannerListData$BannerData
com/gaolei/mvvm/databinding/LayoutErrorPageBinding.java
 com.gaolei.mvvm.databinding.LayoutErrorPageBinding
com/gaolei/mvvm/utils/NetworkUtil.java
 com.gaolei.mvvm.utils.NetworkUtil
com/gaolei/mvvm/fragment/KnowledgeFragment.java
 com.gaolei.mvvm.fragment.KnowledgeFragment
 com.gaolei.mvvm.fragment.KnowledgeFragment$EventListener
com/gaolei/mvvm/databinding/FragmentBaseBinding.java
 com.gaolei.mvvm.databinding.FragmentBaseBinding
com/gaolei/mvvm/model/ProjectListData.java
 com.gaolei.mvvm.model.ProjectListData
 com.gaolei.mvvm.model.ProjectListData$FeedArticleData
 com.gaolei.mvvm.model.ProjectListData$ListData
com/gaolei/mvvm/model/KnowledgeItem.java
 com.gaolei.mvvm.model.KnowledgeItem
com/gaolei/mvvm/fragment/NavigationFragment.java
 com.gaolei.mvvm.fragment.NavigationFragment
com/gaolei/mvvm/viewmodel/ProjectViewModel.java
 com.gaolei.mvvm.viewmodel.ProjectViewModel
 com.gaolei.mvvm.viewmodel.ProjectViewModel$1
com/gaolei/mvvm/fragment/ProjectFragment.java
 com.gaolei.mvvm.fragment.ProjectFragment
com/gaolei/mvvm/viewmodel/BannerViewModel.java
 com.gaolei.mvvm.viewmodel.BannerViewModel
 com.gaolei.mvvm.viewmodel.BannerViewModel$1
com/gaolei/mvvm/view/Html5Webview.java
 com.gaolei.mvvm.view.Html5Webview
 com.gaolei.mvvm.view.Html5Webview$1
 com.gaolei.mvvm.view.Html5Webview$MyWebCromeClient
 com.gaolei.mvvm.view.Html5Webview$MyWebviewClient
com/gaolei/mvvm/model/PageTitle.java
 com.gaolei.mvvm.model.PageTitle
com/gaolei/mvvm/databinding/FragmentProjectBinding.java
 com.gaolei.mvvm.databinding.FragmentProjectBinding
com/gaolei/mvvm/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.gaolei.mvvm.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/gaolei/mvvm/net/HttpLoggingInterceptor.java
 com.gaolei.mvvm.net.HttpLoggingInterceptor
com/gaolei/mvvm/net/RestApiProvider.java
 com.gaolei.mvvm.net.RestApiProvider
com/gaolei/mvvm/view/ProgressView.java
 com.gaolei.mvvm.view.ProgressView
com/gaolei/mvvm/MainActivity.java
 com.gaolei.mvvm.MainActivity
com/gaolei/mvvm/fragment/BaseFragment.java
 com.gaolei.mvvm.fragment.BaseFragment
com/gaolei/mvvm/databinding/FragmentNavigationBinding.java
 com.gaolei.mvvm.databinding.FragmentNavigationBinding
com/gaolei/mvvm/databinding/ActivityArticleDetailBinding.java
 com.gaolei.mvvm.databinding.ActivityArticleDetailBinding
com/gaolei/mvvm/fragment/HomeFragment.java
 com.gaolei.mvvm.fragment.HomeFragment
 com.gaolei.mvvm.fragment.HomeFragment$1
 com.gaolei.mvvm.fragment.HomeFragment$2
 com.gaolei.mvvm.fragment.HomeFragment$3
com/gaolei/mvvm/utils/StatusBarUtil.java
 com.gaolei.mvvm.utils.StatusBarUtil
com/gaolei/mvvm/binding/ImageViewAttrAdapter.java
 com.gaolei.mvvm.binding.ImageViewAttrAdapter
com/gaolei/mvvm/activity/ArticleDetailActivity.java
 com.gaolei.mvvm.activity.ArticleDetailActivity
com/gaolei/mvvm/utils/StatusBarView.java
 com.gaolei.mvvm.utils.StatusBarView
com/gaolei/mvvm/adapter/DividerItemDecoration.java
 com.gaolei.mvvm.adapter.DividerItemDecoration
com/gaolei/mvvm/application/CustomApplication.java
 com.gaolei.mvvm.application.CustomApplication
com/gaolei/mvvm/databinding/ItemProjectListBinding.java
 com.gaolei.mvvm.databinding.ItemProjectListBinding
